listen earn my license hello my speckle
friends and welcome to week seven on
this Nutrisystem journey I'm having
something new to me for lunch today so
it sought out God and show you guys this
is the e for what is it for cheese melt
with Parmesan chat or mozzarella and
Romano cheese inside of it and a whole
green Bowl and it looks right at my
alley I actually have oh my gosh I just
flipped it over and I should have
sprayed it because it just like brick
all over the place um so yeah eight
number one spray a little like Pam on
your plate let's go ahead and cut this
open oh it looks so good
it looks like it actually might have
some sort of sauce in it so maybe I
don't want to dip it in a marinara mmm
it's good it's kind of like a peanut
shell it's not really like the other
ones are kind of like um like a baked
crust the other milks are kind of like
in a show
this is definitely one of my favorites
now and I only ordered one of them oh I
also wanted to mention real quick and I
totally have been forgetting to say this
since I got my food like two weeks ago
there are four new menu items on the
Nutrisystem plan two of which are dry
foods and our pantry foods whatever you
learn along the first one is the turkey
sausage and bacon rigatoni I think it
looks really really really good I'm
anxious to try this I just haven't had a
chance to yet and this is the chicken
and barbecue baked beans
I don't like baked beans so yeah maybe I
might have my husband try this one on
one of the nights that I'm having
something else or whatever there is two
frozen items that are new to the meal
plan as well one of them is being my
absolutely favorite at the moment other
than the ravioli formaggio is like my
timid favorite but this one is a close
second it is the chicken bacon ranch
pizza I talked about this in my last
video but now you guys can like see what
the box looks like in there and this is
a frozen product there was one other it
was called the meatloaf sandwich and I
had it a couple nights ago when I made
burgers for the rest of the family I was
trying to be good and I had my little
burger because it looks like a burger
but it was meatloaf it was okay a little
bit bland much better than the pantry
hamburger that you might have seen in
like three videos back of mine like yeah
much better so I highly recommend at
least the pizza and I really personally
think that the turkey sausage and bacon
rigatoni I'll put some spinach in there
and yeah so I just wanted to pop over
and say that I said welcome to week
seven I have been terrible about being
able to keep up with this doing a weekly
bog and having like filler things in
between it's just been it's just been
hectic I do apologize I am still doing
the program and I'm really against ole
awesome with it during the day dinners
are still a little bit more difficult
but this week I really crack down I told
myself I need to like basically accept
the fact that I'm not going to lose too
much more weight or I need to
our eating more than Nutrisystem dinners
and being a little more discipline on
myself and just doing it we only have a
couple more weeks I am putting in my
last order probably today for my last
month on nutricai can't even believe I'm
saying that like in the beginning this
in like three months oh my gosh three
months like sounds like it's forever but
it really has been going by so fast and
I really have been enjoying the program
I just need to be a little bit more
discipline on it and a little bit more
discipline with you guys I do apologize
I do feel so bad I do I feel almost like
a failure so I'm going to go ahead and
cut to the weigh-in and I'll be back to
talk to you guys a little bit more okay
everyone here we are for a week seven
update and I wanted to show you real
quick
whatever the weigh-in is let me show you
here so these are the pictures that was
Saturday and this was yesterday I
weighed myself and I was 164 even so I
feel like it's a really good number that
I'm proud of and to god it doesn't show
a date but like you can see that it's
like one of the last pictures I took and
you can see what today's date actually
is so let's go ahead and do this
hopefully it's just as good but just in
case if it isn't it's been very wobbly
lately my weight
okay 165 6 it's not terrible it's
definitely down from the past weeks but
it's not certainly 164 maybe I was just
having a really good day yesterday I'm
super happy with those results it's not
amazing you know I didn't lose 10 pounds
in a week I lost anywhere from what a
pound to a pound and a half I have here
yesterday I weighed myself in it was 164
and that was in the morning before
everything all that stuff and I was like
so so so happy but I knew that I would
be weighing again today so I was like
okay I'll tell them both numbers because
it does everybody
actuates and things like that and I'm
totally cool with that as long as it's
not you know going at four pounds in a
week or something and so really whatever
number you feel comfortable believing in
me or whatever I had 164 yesterday in
the today's was 165 six still that is
down a pound from last week where I
actually gained like basically a pound
because I have written here that week
five I was 166 week six I was 160 six
point seven so had gone up a little bit
basically stayed the same but up a
little bit but this week I'm at least
down I'm going down something because
I'm at either one sixty five six or one
sixty four that was a ton of numbers to
throw on your face my apologies but it
kind of makes sense at the same time
like I am going down I just want to see
it down a little bit quicker sorry I
keep my some of my hair it's like in my
face and but yeah I'm feeling really
like blah lately like sick almost I'm
like really congested and like my glands
are starting to hurt so whenever you
don't feel good you kind of just want to
eat whatever you want and not eat at the
same time I find myself going like oh
I'm hungry but I'm not hungry so I need
to just like shut up and do it and get
it over with because in the end I'm
gonna look back and just be so excited
that I believed in myself that I kept
with the program or you know tried my
best to I'm not gonna you know beat
myself up over it I am human just as you
are
everybody has their faults and maybe it
took these like couple little apps two
weeks of kind of like not being so good
on this to really kick this into gear I
hope that this week will be a way much
better er okay so next week I should
have some of new food or is it the week
after I don't remember how that works so
yeah I'm hoping I'm getting this video
to you in a timely manner if not you all
need to hold me accountable and get on
me on Facebook and Twitter and Instagram
or comment below or something like be
like girl get on here I need a little
bit of a push sometimes
all right come up below let me know what
you think about this program or if you
have started your own weight loss
program I also give this video a thumbs
up if you liked it and share it with
your friends I would love to meet some
new people and thank you guys so much
for watching and I'll see you in next
week's video bye